[LT-534-ADR] ADR for show input file read code (#59)
arbisoft/edx-ora2-1: docs/decisions/0001-show-input-file-read-code.rst

**Add support to show input file read code in editor by default**
=======================================

Status
------

 *Pending*

Context
-------

 - Need to add option to select if we want to add input file read code in editor by default or not
 - Current behavior of editor:

   - There is no option to see from where candidate have to read input file in editor

   - There is not code available for reading input files

   - User need support on how to read file very frequently

>  - We need a solution where we can add option in ora setting that ask author if the system should display input fileread code by default in the editor orr not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - We need a solution where we can add option in ORA settings that asks the author if the system should display input file-read code by default in the editor or not
```
